FIX MUST BE SIMPLE.

0-bug/fix
1-features
2-fixed-test is needed
3-impossible for us now.


0 - fix the sort in bookmark,start,search (recent to old)

corebox
0 - same name folder and file not move to trash if same name file exist.
0 - Mouse left button click is not working for corebox tabwidget beside the tabbar.
0 - icon and title not changing perfectly.
0 - remove file watcher for bookmark and speed dial.
0 - closing the corebox needs to inform the app.
1 - need two theme (dark and light).
1 - add display scale support.
1 - add option for using default window manager.
3 - separate process for per app.
1 - limit the openable window.
1 - tab text align left.

globalfunction
0 - swicth case in setupfolder function.
0 - get file count in getfile size.
0 - remove the trash path checking.
1 - file moved message.
1 - finished copying message.
1 - file deleted & delete failed message.

start
1 - catch all the open tab and add them in separate file and add a listwidget in stackwidget.
1 - start button in side of tab(+).
1 - option to sidebar or tab button(+).
1 - recent activities as date wise.
1 - add reminder option.

bookmarks
0 - when a bookmark is selected show the delete and edit button on side of the selected bookmark otherwise hide them.
0 - fix bookmark file check as folder making moved to globalfunctions.
1 - one click to open all the bookmark in one section(only first 8 of them).
1 - one button to bookmark all the opened tabs.

dashboard
0 - multiple dashboard crash the whole app.
1 - remove unwanted partition.
1 - selected drive will show only it's partition.
1 - mount specific partition on corebox startup.
1 - add drive frame in drive view.

search
0 - auto fill the folder path and name from search activity.
1 - if search opened from FM hide locate option.
1 - show the file/folder in coerFM with selecting the file/folder.
2 - if path is given ,find is not working.but locate is working.

setting
0 - changes in app dose not save when corebox is closed.(not app)

corefm
0 - able to create file/folder shortcuts.
0 - page text in root folder is showing blank.
0 - pathedit to lineEdit.
1 - rightbuttonMenu>new add a new option. directly make a paint app file.
3 - set custom icon in home's folder.
1 - add tree package.
1 - Can't open other terminal using QProcess.
0 - preview is not working.
3 - Finish movement of mime-related code from FileUtils to MimeUtils.
3 - Implement clearDeadDefaults() method in MimeUtils.
3 - Some *.desktop file has more groups(sections) and each group can contain.
    exec command, but only first is read, this must be fixed.

corepaint
0 - save the changes>>yes>cancel>>closes the corebox(it should not).
1 - add triangle instrument.

coretime
0 - stopwatch timing is not perfect.
0 - fix the timer start/pause button .
0 - Notify user when an alarm is set.
0 - save the alarm list in config folder.(another file if possible.
0 - improve the alarm .
0 - snooze.ui>>> ailing the button in center
0 - need a done button for alarm completion.
1 - set reminder option.

coreimage
0 - Flip vertical and flip horizontal icon are same.
1 - ctrl + wheel = zoom shortcut.
1 - add zoom from mouse pointer at coreimage

coreplayer
0 - fix the path problem.
1 - video thumbnails of play-list.
1 - move to qtAV engine.
0 - after stop clicked player widget turns white color.

corepdf
0 - fix the space in path issue.
0 - on first start corepdf cannot show any pdf file.

corepad
0 - save the changes>>yes>cancel>>closes the corebox(it should not).

corearchiver
1 - Inform user when extracting and compressing is finished.

coreshot
1 - take fullscreen shot using x11.

coreterminal
0 - Add search bar at coreterminal (not needed for now).
2 - Open terminal as root for current directory is not supported.

coreaction

coreRenamer

help
1 - add some recommendation.

library
3 - check library and its version before building from our app using qmake.
1 - Update the libcterminal.

New app
-Backup.


Packaging
0 - fix the fonts in appimage.

in-future
1 - make manjaro iso with lxqt desktop as base.


*remove unwanted function from all cpp files.
*code merge





[ABRAR_TASK]
0 - make bookmark count more relevant
0 - make all deb package at one
0 - get all files and folders under a path to a text file
0 - add currentfilepath at corepdf, corepaint, coreplayer, ...

[Instructions]
before start the corebox delete the bookmark file
fix the ui for settings at corebox

[TALKING]
set minimum height for scroll bar handle
We have to open resource page at startup of dashboard because its a big thing to load it
NO ITS BLANK - 0 - on first start corepdf cannot show any pdf file. test it again.
REALLY CAN'T FIX DON'T KNOW HOW IT WORKS - 0 - page text in root folder is showing blank.
AS DELETE BUTTON ARE HERE - limit the search activity [activity limit 30]
NO NEED - 0 - checkIsValidDir in const not working
- why no qconcarent in file folder count.
- why a add shadow function in globalfunction.h
- why file/folder count and getF has unnessary vreables .
- renamewindow in upper letter
- send me all the apps screen shot withe coreshot.
- where is settings pic?
- terminal closes properly??? needs to solve??
recheack- Settings loaded with defaults everytime when corebox newly started and didn't save a settings
13.Change the mouse hover background of Tools at bookmark [not like the selected bookmarks background]????????
16.A function which check the text is it a valid dir or not if not show a little message below those lineedit????????
recheack- terminal closes properly???
recent,serch,save session in qconcarent??
see the screen size in dashboard.
bin and lib folder has the coustom icon


0 - save all file in a folder to text as a action.

0 - clicking enter the rename dose not complete in corefm renameDialog.

0 - after corefm opening thumbnails don't show(showthumbs> cheacked).
0 - white background of thumbnails need to remove.there is a white image in resource file for those that DOSe NOT Have thumbnails.
0 - aspect ratio  must be kept same of thumbnails.see photo.
0 - three clike on both view buttons with thumbnails checked crash the app.

0 - drag a app icon from start is disapear.
0 - separet folder and file count.( 1 Files, 9 Folder | as return).
0 - if corebox folder exist in config folder, delete it then extrat (not overwrite).
0 - add option to make file hidden in properties.(see the permmisson tab).
0 - at start catch all the open tab and add them in separate file and add a treeWidget in start SAVED SESSION.
0 - fix the sort in start(speeddial,recentActivitys),search (recent to old)
0 - clearing the search>> close the search window>> crashs the whole app.
0 - recent activites not collecting corepad,
0 - 10 windows>> close the corebox>>crashs the whole app.
0 - esc key shortcut to exit slidshow in coreimage.

1 - delete the last one from list and add new at first in all list.

- Add button to clear the recent activity
- add butyon to remeove the selected session...
-rendom crashs

0 - clicking start dose not reload the session list.
0 - dobulclicking the session time will restore all the windows in seperate corebox.
0 - message after saveing and finishing of opening the session.
0 - dose not collect the corepads multipal page path at all.
0 - corepaint needs the corepad page function.sendinf new path will open the path in the opened corepaint.
0 - multipal corefm opend> only catched the first one.
0 - ask confrmation to save the session.
0 - timing to month,date.see photo. and only today in "Today"
0 - closeing dashbord crashes app.
0 - save the splitter position of viewDir in coreFM


